How to install:
	Unzip the file into c:\mjtiming
	This zip file will not modify your existing configuration and data files
	If this is a new installation, config folders, etc. will be created the first time
	you run mjtiming.

Things to do (bugs, deficiencies, wish list)
	Estimate finish time vs number of runs
	Show average overlap (car starting before previous car finishes)(3+ cars)
	Show time for run group changeovers
	In scoring summary, give RAW and PAX ftd
	Remember columns positions and widths when changing tabs
	Bug: OPAX group (1st 3 runs) applies everywhere, not just OPAX group scores
	Scoring -- show DNFs for rookies and non-rookies

September 18, 2023
Added RAWtoFirst and RAWtoNext times in the PAX scoring.

April 10, 2023
	Do not trim leading zeroes from car numbers on import

March 2, 2023
	Emergency release
	Previous version of mjtiming lost all timing data if exited and reentered.

February 1, 2023
	Add ability to handle AC4 protocol (only finish triggers are received)

September 29, 2020
	Changed set number selection from radio buttons to a drop down seection to prevent
	accidental changes.

August 19, 2020
	Add configurable timeout to serial read
	Increased default serial timeout to 100 milliseconds
	Add debug output showing all serial data received
	Fixed error where stopHoldoff was using startHoldoff value
	Reduced default holdoff values to 1 second

June 04, 2020
	Copy _scoreStyles.css over to config folder on startup if one not already there

May 28, 2020
	Updated PAX values and classes for 2020
	Allow multiple finish triggers (aka laps) before run is complete

October 10, 2019
	Changed score file names as follows:
	  - removed d1 and d2 designators for Set1 and Set2 scores
	  - Added a 2-day designator for 2 day scoring so it won't overwrite 1 day scores
	  - changed score file names so they sort better by name in event folder
	Autogenerate both text and html scores when "Create Scores" button is pressed
	Only a single BAT file created that creates both text and html scores
	Open explorer window to event data folder when "Create Scores" button is pressed
	Team name (or number) now saved to CSVdata.csv file

July 2, 2019
	Fixed 2 day scoring so that both days registration files do not need to be manually merged.

January 5, 2019
	Change PAX to 2019 values (requires manual copy to overwrite existing file)
	Copy mjtiming\config_templates\_classData.csv to mjtiming\config\_classData.csv

November 15, 2018
	Refuse to start timing if date has changed since startup.

October 15, 2018
	Overall scores attendance counted people who registered but didn't run.

August 21, 2018
	Reduced start and stop holdoff (10 seconds was too long for the stop holdoff due to slow drivers).
	NOTE: Existing users will need to manually reduce these values via the configuration tab, since updates
		only change the templates, not the current config.
	Added the ability to concatenate car# and car class when importing drivers from MSR reports 
	This is for those clubs that don't want to impose unique car numbers for an event.

May 7, 2018
	Overall scores was not showing group and xgroup scores.  Fixed.

April 24, 2017
	Fixed formatting error in text scores (rookie RAW scores)

March 26, 2018
	Merged group and xgroups in scoring output (looks much cleaner)
	Removed Preferred Number column (and code that uses it)
	Removed rally scoring (didn't work)
	Now allow multiple Xgroups per person (in Xgroup field, separated by a semicolon)
	New config field (classAsGroup) that automatically adds driver's class to list of groups to be scored
	If OPAX is only group in the xgroup field, then first 3 runs are used for that driver (all scoring groups :( )

March 8, 2018
	If Xgroup PAX value > 2 (e.g. OPAX), then drivers in that group are limited to those # runs for scoring
	Removed "Import from Karelo" button in registration
	Added a "Delete all drivers" button in registration
	Removed the "Summary" scoring display

January 27, 2018
	Fixed up some html scoring issues
		The BAT file cmd that overwrote the scores.txt file
		The car descriptions were being truncated

January 27, 2018
	Second group added (XGroup) to allow scores for secondary groupings (e.g. Corvette owners or Ladies)

November 18, 2017
	Removed autoreverse capability (too error prone to be usable)

November 11, 2017
	Display penalty on MJTiming wireless displays (leading minus for cones, leading d for DNF)

September 25, 2017
	Tweaked _webStyles css sheet for better live WiFi results
	Modified MJAnnounce to copy over _webStyles.txt file to config folder if one not there

September 21, 2017
	Modify webstyle.txt a bit
	Changed save loop so it sleeps a bit less during save

August 14, 2017
	Fixed major errors in team scoring

November 24, 2016
	Removed setting of run time when DNF or RRN applied to car not yet started
	Reduced writing to disk when unnecessary
	Changed to 2017 PAX values

October 7, 2016
	Prevent 2nd copy of mtiming to start (force single instance)

September 22, 2016
	Added a config item called runheats that selects heats by class or group
	Modified run heat calcs to use runheats config item

May 4, 2016
	Added operational documentation for both MJTiming and Farmtek systems.
	The MJTiming doc also explains how to do event and overall scoring.

April 6, 2016
	Modified sorting of results to handle car numbers with trailing letters instead of digits

April 2, 2016
	Added a carnumbers app to print out all car numbers and driver names used for the year

January 16, 2016
	Updated _classData.csv file in templates folder to 2016 PAX values
	Added a _classData2016.csv file to templates folder
	Fixed the MJannounce mechanism to suppress screen updates when nothing changed

November 8, 2015
	MJannounce will not update the results textbox if nothing has changed from last time

October 22, 2015
	Do not display radio and alignment status bars for non-mjtiming systems
	If a bad barcode is read, color "Car" cell with a red background

July 29, 2015
	Removed -oneday argument for scoring and replaced with more explicit
	options (e.g. -set1plusset2)
	Fixed GUI scoring bug that didn't allow 2nd day to be used.
	Added Farmtek input formats to documentation folder.

June 23, 2015
	A few fixes to class data templates
	Fix to order rookie classes in overalls correctly

May 9, 2015
	Added capability for JAC Chrono format.  This allows people with a Farmtek
	system to generate working reset start and reset finish events from the
	Farmtek timing console.

	Reduced font size in mjannounce to 6 point from 10 point
	Increased space for name to 16 characters, and now truncate the name if longer.
April 27, 2015
	Driver and timer data could be deleted due to an invalid first entry in timing data.
	No longer deletes the files, even if there is some possible garbage at the start.

April 17, 2015
	Added some more columns to be recognized when importing registrations
	Delete leading 0s from car number when importing
	Rallyx scoring modified for CSCC needs (best single run).
December 23, 2014
	Added studded classes (AWDSTUD, FWDSTUD, RWDSTUD)

December 18, 2014
	Show number of incoming queries in mjannounce
	Add 2015 PAX files (_classdata.csv, _classdata2015.csv

October 8, 2014
	Any class defined with a PAX greater than 2 will use that PAX value as a max official runs.
	e.g. OPAX has a PAX of 3.  All drivers in the OPAX group will be limited to their first 3 runs.
	Run heats now done by registration group, class group if blank.  e.g. All people in OPAX group
	will be run in same heat.
	MJannounce now handles 2 day events
	MJannounce now handles data folders other than c:\mjtiming (for running on separate computer)

October 7, 2014
	Added attendance figures as an optional output from mjoveralls
	
October 2, 2014
	Added a program called AxwareConvert that reads an Axware final report
	and outputs the timing data in mjtiming format.  It does not (yet)
	produce a driverData.csv file

October 1, 2014
	Removed Import from Axware. It now encrypts its raw data.

August 19, 2014
	Fixed error in 2 day, 4 set scoring of PAX values.

July 22, 2014
	Removed member and rookie indicators from overalls
	Removed member and rookie indicators from everything except run times
	Removed trophy indicator from overalls

July 22, 2014
	Revert back to text format for mjoveralls
July 21, 2014
	Fixed error in 2-day scoring.  Drivers were not DNFed if they did not
	attend on day 2.
July 13
	Handled exception in mjannounce webserver that was being missed
	Modified mjoveralls to generate html instead of text
June 21
	Fixed a fencepost programming error in registration import
June 17
	Fixed html style sheet to work with all browsers
	Embed style sheet into each html file
June 12
	htmlscores.exe added -- currently produces very ugly html
	Created an htmlScoreCMD.bat file when creating scores from mjtiming
	Added a ShowLastName config item
	Now shows last name (or first letter of last name) depending on config
June 6
	Axware import now handles the Axware single letter "Class 2" elements as groups

June 3
	Add class times to mjannounce webserver output
	Modify text scores to allow return of individual scoring items
	Modify mjannounce and webserver to use new textScoringSplit method
	Much reduced cpu load by mjannounce now.
June 2
	Unfound barcode results in car number of NOBARCODE
	Barcode entry does not move cursor focus
	Overalls handling rookie scores correctly again:
	   mjoveralls is looking for Y/N in Rky field, but scoring was writing TRUE/FALSE
May 30
	Updated webserver code to run asynchronously
	Added stop button for webserver to allow reset without restarting mjannounce

May 27, 2014
	Show total registered drivers in heats tab
	Copy _driverData.csv file from template if one does not exist
	Various bug fixes

May 14, 2014
	Add style sheet capabilitiy to mjannounce webservice
	_webStyle.txt will need to be copied from config_templates to config folder


May 13, 2014
	Generate random heat orders in heats tab

May 8, 2014
	Added web server capability to mjannounce
	Added search function in registration

May 6, 2014
	Car class now displayed in announcer output
	T-Link status messages now controls radio lights on timing tab
	Suppress extraneous log messages from T-Link crud

May 4, 2014
	Added ladies classes to classdata files
	Enhanced output for run heats, including fuill driver list
	Run heats group "Open Pax" into a single heat
	Added import for MotorSportReg (MSR) reports
	Tested with T-Link hardware -- works fine.


April 18, 2014
	Added match scoring (crude, but workable)

April 08, 2014
	Added configurable trigger holdoff for both start and stop triggers

March 18, 2014
	Major re-work of scoring:
		Day1/Day2 are now Set1/Set2/Set2
		Team scores now work for any team, not just those with groups RAW/PAX
		Text output module is now separate from scoring calculation module
		Sample output program source included for clubs that wish to generate their own score format
		Two day scoring now accounts for multiple run sets per day
		Summary output added to help announcer
		mjAnnounce app added for announcers

February 22, 2014
	Accepts timing input from Race Ameria T-Link wireless systems
	Accepts and displays car numbers that contain letters (e.g. 123BS)
January 9, 2014
	Added barcode reading capability
December 12, 2013
	Added Team column and score teams by using team name instead of car number
	Fixed bug: column mixup when switching registration files
	Added registration barcode column in prep for future changes
	Updated _classData.csv to 2014 values
September 6, 2013
	Added config item for auto-reversing of start and stop
	Fixed cone counts when day1 ony or day2 only is selected
June 24, 2013
	When membership or rookie status changes, show previously attended events
June 18, 2013
	Prevent class files from being overwritten when changing the path
	in the config
May 29, 2013
	Stop auto-filling group field
May 2, 2013
	Added file open dialog for selecting driverDataFile or classDataFile when cell is double clicked
	Fixed bug where changing to new driver data file overwrote the new file's contents
May 2, 2013
	Automatically swap start and finish beams.  If no timer is running, then the first beam tripped
	becomes the new start beam.
April 7, 2013
	Added street tire classes to class file (format of T<class>)
March 6, 2013
	Scoring overwrites driverData file if it is in the eventdata folder and is today's file
	This forces the event file to be up to date with the registration file at all times
February 28, 2013
	Create score command scripts if day1-only or day2-only are chosen
February 25, 2013
	Create separate files for day1-only and day2-only scores
	Modify overalls to score these as separate events
February 19, 2013
	Overalls title now printed
February 5, 2013
		Fixed sort order for rookie rallyx points in overalls
		Fixed rookie ranking order numbers (was 1,3,5,7,...)
January 21, 2013
		Fixed overalls to work with rallyx points
January 13, 2013
		Remove code that automatically changed day #
November 10, 2012
		Fix max # runs scoring bug
October 31, 2012
		Allow max # runs to be specified (remainder of runs marked as fun, but
		stay listed on the day in question)
September 25, 2012
		Tell who is already using a number in the duplicate popup
		Allow duplicate number to be forcibly used (add an "x" to one in use)

September 22, 2012
		Fill in Group field with default of STSTOCK, STOUR, STOTHER
		Overalls no longer prints out people with 0.0 scores

August 14, 2012
		Added -membersonly option to mjoveralls to allow printing of members only.

August 8, 2012
		Changed run heats back to using individual car classes instead of car groups.
		The group method was too course to be useful.

July 16, 2012
		Fixed more team scoring errors (and added team cone counts)
		Removed the forced uppercase error(s)

July 03, 2012
		Fixed several team scoring errors
		Force non-blank value for car number (registration)
		Force uppercase value for car number (registration and timing)
		Trim leading and trailing spaces from car number (registration and timing)
		The last 3 changes are leading up to allowing cars to have the same number in
		different classes by entering "100BS" in timing instead of just 100 for the car number.
		Later releases will use this to find the right car/class in the registration list
		and for scoring.
	Known bugs or deficiencies:
		User manual out of date
		Unable to add new columns from within the program
		Need column mapping for registration imports (Karelo, Axware, whatever)
		Reset trigger sometimes buggers up subsequent times.  Not known why.
		Log all inputs to a log file for post-event analysis

June 17, 2012
		Added team scoring
		Reversed readme file so newest revision shown first
	Known bugs or deficiencies:
		User manual out of date
		Unable to add new columns from within the program
		Need column mapping for registration imports (Karelo, Axware, whatever)
		Reset trigger buggers up subsequent times.  Not known why.

June 5, 2012
		Updates will not disturb existing config and data
		Opens score text file in notepad when "Create score files" button is pressed
		Cone count rank not increased until cone count changes
		Running timers are now cancelled when timing is stopped or program stopped
		May have found the issue with "Reset Stop" -- we shall see
		Removed warning popup based on laptop time (didn't do anything useful)
	Known bugs or deficiencies:
		User manual out of date
		Unable to add new columns from within the program
		Need column mapping for registration imports (Karelo, Axware, whatever)
		Reset trigger buggers up subsequent times.  Not known why.

May 29, 2012
		Scores BAT file creates file in current dir, not c:\mjtiming
		Rookie RAW percentage was mixed up with overall RAW scores
		Run time scores show an indicator of best run in day (xxx.xxx) or *xxx.xxx*
		Karelo import was missing car numbers
		Add a -norookie command parameter to mjoveralls.exe to suppress rookie scores
		Added some stats to the scores
		Moved documentation to its own folder
	Known bugs or deficiencies:
		User manual out of date
		Some config changes require exit and restart
		Class edits require exit and restart
		Imported Axware timing data looks a bit funky until exit and restart (it is correct though)
		Unable to add new columns from within the program
		Need automated update feature to keep existing registration and config data.
		Registration popup selection for group/class?
		Print button for scores?
		Dropdown list for class and group?
		Reset trigger buggers up subsequent times.  Not known why.
		Tie indicators for cone counts
May 13, 2012
	Auto-create event folder and backup folder if they don't exist
	Check existence of files/folders when config item changed
	Warning popup if run time differs too far from laptop calc of same
	Known bugs or deficiencies:
		User manual out of date
		Some config changes require exit and restart
		Class edits require exit and restart
		Imported Axware timing data looks a bit funky until exit and restart (it is correct though)
		Unable to add new columns from within the program
		Need automated update feature to keep existing registration and config data.
		Run time scores need indicator of best run in day (xxx.xxx) or *xxx.xxx*
		Registration popup selection for group/class?
		Print button for scores?
		Dropdown list for class and group?
		Missed trigger buggers up subsequent times.  Not known why.
		Karelo import from CSCC buggered up
April 14, 2012
	Class edits no longer require exit and restart
	scoreCMD.bat created with "-path ." arg to allow moving to different folders
	Known bugs or deficiencies:
		User manual out of date
		Some config changes require exit and restart
		Class edits require exit and restart
		Imported Axware timing data looks a bit funky until exit and restart (it is correct though)
		Unable to add new columns from within the program
		Need automated update feature to keep existing registration and config data.
		Run time scores need indicator of best run in day (xxx.xxx)
		Registration popup selection for group/class?
		Auto-create event folder and backup folder!
		Check existence of files/folders when config item changed!
		Print button for scores?
		Dropdown list for class and group?
		Missed trigger buggers up subsequent times.  Not known why.
April 6, 2012
	Fixed corruption of config file when a parameter field was deleted
	Added ability to edit class/PAX file
	Will optionally play sounds for start/finish trigger events
	First available car # seed value is now configurable
	Secondary display port now works
	Class sort order now allows floats (e.g. 1.5 will sort between 1 and 2)
	Karelo import now imports columns where the header name matches one in the registration CSV file.
	This does not apply to some special columns (Number, Member, Rookie, First Name, Last Name)
		e.g. 	Use Excel to add a column in your registration file with the heading "Preferred car number"
			Now, if the Karelo report contains a "Preferred car number" column, it will be imported.
			BTW, this is my solution to importing car numbers.  Every club has different rules
			regarding what numbers are open, so I just assign a number above 300.  However, the
			"Preferred car number" column shows what the user wants.
	Known bugs or deficiencies:
		User manual out of date
		Some config changes require exit and restart
		Class changes require exit and restart
		Overalls generation from scoring tab
April 10, 2012
	Import registration and timing data from an Axware event.
	On exit, delete event files if no timing data has been created
	Changed day modifier checkboxes with proper radio buttons
	Fixed issue where overall scoring confused rookie scores with overall scores
	Fixed day1 vs eventName confusion in score file generation
	Known bugs or deficiencies:
		User manual out of date
		Some config changes require exit and restart
		Class edits require exit and restart
		Imported Axware timing data looks a bit funky until exit and restart (it is correct though)
		Unable to add new columns from within the program
		Need automated update feature to keep existing registration and config data.
April 3, 2012
	Fixed overall scoring (I hope)
	Known bugs or deficiencies:
		Class and PAX data is read-only
		Import from Karelo doesn't handle car numbers
		Import from Karelo doesn't handle club-specific fields
		User manual out of date

March 31, 2012
	Many scoring improvements (selection of day1 or day2 only, rookie scores for raw times)
	Fixed bug where config columns kept being added on every visit
	Class and PAX value tab (read only for now)
	Added groups (i.e. OPAX) for scoring and heat assignments
	F2 key cycles between timing and registration
	Known bugs or deficiencies:
		Overall scoring is flaky
		Import from Karelo doesn't handle car numbers



